add doc for Custom LDAP Property Mapping (#9524)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/property-mappings/index.md

These are configured with most common LDAP setups.

### Custom LDAP Property Mapping 

If the default source mapping is not enough, you can set your own custom property mapping. 

For example `ldap-displayName-mapping:name`, which means ldap source field `displayName` will be mapped to `name` field in authentik. Here's the steps:

1. Open admin UI, navigate to `Customization` -> `Property Mappings`.
2. Click `Create`, select `LDAP Property Mapping` and then click `Next`.
3. Type a unique and meaningful `Name`, such as `ldap-displayName-mapping:name`
4. Type authentik inner field in `Object field`. such as `name`. If you want to add more extend attributes, you can type `attributes.mobile` for example.

> 5. Type `Expression` which will get value from LDAP source. e.g. `return list_flatten(ldap.get("displayName"))`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Expression**  field enter Pythin expressions to retrieve the value from LDAP source. For example `return list_flatten(ldap.get("displayName"))`.
```

> `list_flatten(["input string array"])` will convert string array to single string. If you are not sure whether the ldap field is an array or not, you may map the field to any `attributes.xxx` and then check the sync result in authentik UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`list_flatten(["input string array"])` will convert a string array to a single string. If you are not sure whether the LDAP field is an array or not, you can map the field to any `attributes.xxx` and then check the sync result in authentik UI.
```
